Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. -Albert Einstein
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy? -Albert Einstein
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. -Albert Einstein
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be. -Albert Einstein
The true sign of inteligence is not knowledge but imagination. -Albert Einstein
Better to remains silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt. -Abraham Lincoln
A friend is one who has the same enemies as you have. -Abraham Lincoln
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? -Abraham Lincoln
There is no sex in middle earth -Ian Mckellen
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poat -Plato
Love is a serious mental disease -Plato
Music is moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and everything. -Plato
Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake. - Chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower
If a man does his best, what else is there? - General George S. Patton
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Sir Winston Churchill 
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. -Thomas Jefferson
Do, or do not. There is no 'try'. -Yoda
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg. - Bjarne Stroustrup
The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad. -Salvador dali
I think 'Hail to the Chief' has a nice ring to it. -John F. Kennedy
If you are going through hell, keep going. - Sir Winston Churchill
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. -Thomas Alva Edison
Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me... Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me. -Steve Jobs
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. -Steve Jobs
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. -Steve Jobs
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations. -Steve Jobs
You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new. -Steve Jobs
